# 30MFF
A project made as part of an assignment

# Introduction
Honestly, I struggled during this assignment. To be fair that is a normal experience, but usually when it comes to programming I have a good understanding of what is going on. But, for this assignment I struggled because I could not always get CSS to do what I wanted it to. Primarily, centering, positioning, and outlines. I still don't completely understand how it works, and for the future I should do more research and watch more videos/tutorials explaining how it works. If you look into my code you will notice I use padding-left, padding-right, padding-top etc. a lot because I wasn't sure how to center items. I also had the most trouble with interactivity of any kind. The first issues when it came to interactivity that I had was creating links to go between pages, then after I had make those links I wanted to remove the underline that it had and some other things about it. Slowly I understood, but then I realized I need more interactivity for this project. I felt daunted by the task ahead of me.

# Javascript
I decided to make a photo / video carousel. Originally this was the plan, in my wireframe I had shown (or at least attempted to) that below the video page, I had a behind the scenes section and my intention was to have some kind of carousel that could switch between videos and or photos and it would look great. When I got to this part, I had left it to the end. Unfortunately, up to this point many of the previous tasks had taken a lot more time than I previously expected, and I was hoping the same wouldn't apply to the carousel. In any case, I had no choice now. I should mention that I had no previous experience with javascript, I had experience with Java, and Processing, as well as some, albeit very little, experience with html and css. I used a tutorial to try and understand how to make a carousel, my tactic was that I would follow along to the tutorial and if I wanted to make any changes throughout I would and because I was following closely I would better understand what I was writing. 

Heres the link to the video that I followed: https://youtu.be/9HcxHDS2w1s?si=ZkUboohInwUQF4EG

By the time I got to the end of the video while I did have a better idea of what data attributes were, as well as first hand experience of the syntax of javascript (which I barely understood, if at all). However, when I went to run the website the script didn't work. I did my best to run through the code and see if I had made any typos, and found that I had ended a section tag early and it wasn't surrounding the code. However, it didn't work. I continued searching for a while after that, repeatedly going through the tutorial multiple times but to no avail. It was only until I decided to sleep on it and the next day I figured it out. I first tried to copy paste the code directly to see if it really was a problem with my code or perhaps a problem with the IDE. Previously when coding with Java I used IntelliJ and once had a problem which I couldn't fix and then found a stackoverflow post which basically told me to update the IDE and then it finally worked. I imagined that I was having a similar problem with Visual Studio Code (VSC). To be honest, since I had no experience with VSC up to this point I asked chatGPT and it suggested to go through the extensions. I don't remember what I did exactly, I installed an extra extension and reloaded any of the extensions that needed me to reload it and then it worked. I still don't understand what I fixed or what changed, I just hope I never encounter that problem again.

# What I'm happy about

All-in-all I am happy with the final result. The idea going into this project was that the people behind this website would give unbiased news/info about NYU whilst remaining anonymous, that for people interested in the university they could go to this website and learn more and avoid any marketing by the university to get an unbiased opinion, as if talking to a close friend. I was going to include a blog-post section but chose not to be too ambitious and to focus more on the interactivity part instead. The reason I chose this background was that the video didn't really have a story behind it, it was just a tour with relaxing music behind it, so I felt this context/backstory to the website was the most fitting and in my opinion the most interesting thing I could come up with. 

Other than the backstory, I was happy with the aesthetic, the favicon at the top being a black and white version of the NYU logo looked cool in my opinion. I created it in Photoshop and I feel it matches the colors well. I chose to stick to something that was high-contrast. I used the purple colors that matched the NYU purple but used dark grays and black because I felt it symbolized the kind of anonymous feel as if it was a website that was unconventional (not sure what the best word to describe it is). 

# Final remarks

Thank you professor for the extra time. On thursday I had my math midterm and the previous deadline was on the same day, while I have uploaded this assignment late (sorry) I was able to study for the midterm and put more effort and work into this assignment than I would otherwise have been able to.
